Added GTKWave, Field Monitor, PCManFM, ThisWeekInMyLife, Pluma, Picture of the Day, Junction (#306)
myfreeweb/awesome-gtk: README.md

- [Cigale](https://github.com/emmanueltouzery/cigale) - Timesheet for your activities with support for emails, Git, GitLab and Stack Exchange `#rust` `#gtk3` `#relm`.
- [Collector](https://mijorus.it/projects/collector) - Dropover utility that allows to drag files/images/text into a collection window and drop them anywhere `#python` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.
- [GNOME Characters](https://apps.gnome.org/Characters) - Emoji picker `#c` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita` `#gnome`.

> - [Junction](https://apps.gnome.org/Junction) - Application/browser chooser that allows you to choose the application to open files or links `#gjs` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita` `#gnome`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Junction](https://apps.gnome.org/Junction) - Application menu that allows you to choose the application to open files or links `#gjs` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita` `#gnome`.
```
